♪ Hello. darkness.
my old friend ♪
♪ I've come
to talk with you again ♪
♪ Because
a vision softly creeping ♪
♪ Left its seeds
while I was sleeping ♪
♪ And the vision ♪
♪ That was planted
in my brain ♪
♪ Still remains ♪
♪ Within the sound of silence ♪
♪ In restless dreams.
I walked alone ♪
♪ Narrow streets
of cobblestone ♪
♪ 'Neath the halo
of a street lamp ♪
♪ I turned my collar
to the cold and damp ♪
♪ When my eyes were stabbed ♪
♪ By the flash ♪
♪ Of a neon light ♪
♪ That split the night ♪
Hello?
♪ Of silence ♪
♪ And in the naked light
I saw ♪
♪ Ten thousand people.
maybe more ♪
♪ People talking
without speaking ♪
♪ People hearing without... ♪
Can I help you?
Hey. uh. I'd like a room
for the night. please.
Sure.
That'll be $119 per night.
plus a $75 deposit.
Uh. do you know the best way
to get to downtown Venus
from here?
Sure do.
Born and raised there.
It's not really a downtown.
We only have. like.
486 people.
so it's like a street.
Uh. take a right
and then a left
and you'll run right into it.
It's like seven miles
down the road.
Thanks.
Sign.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
You're number 24.
And thanks for your help.
See you soon.
Uh. I already got the robe.
Thank you.
Is Tamara here?
No. you have the wrong room.
Please.
Don't hurt me.
What did I do?
Why did you take me?
Because you're here.
What? What?
You're still alive. huh?
This is the only way out.
A bullet.
Relax.
Nobody has a mask here.
To the dead.
Sit down.
It's for him.
His name was Ryan.
They killed your friends?
Yeah.
But I'll make new ones.
How long were you together?
Since the beginning.
Since we were kids.
Did you come here
to pray for her?
Do you really think
He'd listen to me?
Did you pray...
for Ryan?
You killed her.
I didn't mean to.
Yeah. you did.
I guess we're even.
What now?
Get the hell out of here.
Why do you think
God let Cain kill Abel?
I don't know.
Yeah. I don't know either.
Maybe He just wanted to watch.
Sheriff. come in.
Go ahead. Tommy.
Uh. Maya's sister
Debbie called.
She sent an ambulance
to the lake house for Maya.
And it's disappeared.
Disappeared?
Ambulance company has
lost contact.
Driver ain't responding.
Sister's on her way
from Portland.
She's gonna be in Venus
by morning.
Go to the lake house.
See if the EMT is there.
Copy that.
Out.
Maya.
We've been looking
all over for you.
You look like
you've been through hell.
I know where they are.
Where are they?
Get me out of here
and I'll tell you.
Where do you want to go?
Wherever my sister is.
Your sister's on her way here
from Portland.
Okay.
Take me to her.
um...
and let me use your phone.
I never get any service
out here.
Okay.
God. sorry. Um...
Do you have a first aid kit?
My hand really hurts.
Yeah.
Yeah. I got one in the back.
Uh. Sheriff.
I'm en route to the lake house.
and it looks like we have
a 1249. multiple homicides.
Still no sign of the girl.
How would you like us
to proceed?
Over.
No. no. no!
No. no. no! No.
No. no. no. no!
Typically...
due to your son's young age.
the state would prefer
to attempt rehabilitation
through the parents.
along with regular counseling
and measured progress updates.
However.
due to the heinous
and cruelly brutal nature
of these acts.
he should be incarcerated.
Sheriff Rotter. please rise.
I have given this
great consideration.
but due. in no small part.
to your impeccable record
in law enforcement.
this court
has decided to allow you
to retain custody of your son.
What?
But one infraction
and I will order incarceration
until at least 18 years of age.
Thank you. Your Honor.
I mean it. young man.
What happened. boy?
That's your first one.
You made a real mess here.
I prayed
this would never happen again.
Somehow I knew it would.
I'll fix it.
No more townsfolk.
you understand?
Yes. sir.
Come on.
let's clean this up.
♪ There's nothing left ♪
♪ For me ♪
♪ Of days that used to be ♪
♪ They're just a memory... ♪
♪ Among my souvenirs... ♪
You found the girl?
Not yet. Carol. We will.
Excuse me. everyone.
My name is Howard Granick.
and this is a picture
of my sister-in-law. Maya.
As I'm sure you're aware.
her boyfriend was murdered here
a few days ago.
And now she's missing too.
Does anyone have any information
about where my sister is?
Anything at all?
I met your sister.
She seemed like a good person.
She doesn't deserve
any of what happened to her.
What is she doing?
Anyone else?
Hey. Annie.
Hi.
I got the sense
you had more to say.
but you didn't want to do it
back there.
It's just us now.
I just feel bad
that it's happening again.
But nobody talks about that.
What are you saying?
People have gone
missing here before?
Mm-hmm.
But not people from here.
I should get back.
Wait. No. no. hold on.
Look. how many others?
And what happened to them?
Sorry.
I really don't know anymore.
Come on. Annie.
This is my sister.
Please.
help me.
The sheriff.
he knows everything
that happens here.
He'll know where she is.
Not too close. Marcus.
Found these three
at the lake house.
Nurse Danica.
her girlfriend.
and her roommate. Wayne.
Found the EMT van overturned
about three miles down
the main road.
No Maya.
no EMT driver...
and no Gregory.
I'm gonna call in
the state police.
You know. I always had
a hard time with this
and I've been with you
a long time. but...
these are our own.
They've never killed
our own before.
There was never supposed
to be anyone from Venus.
That's the deal I made.
If only that fucking girl had
just died.
none of this would
have happened.
What?
Sorry. Tommy.
Don't fucking touch me!
Get off of me!
Is that her?
We don't know that.
Uh-uh.
It looks too big.
He's leaving.
Marcus...
...please don't lose him.
I won't.
What about them?
Too big.
Too old.
I'm hungry.
Want anything?
Pretty girl.
what are you doing?
Getting something to eat.
Sounds good.
You want any help
picking something?
No.
Maybe I could help you
with something else then.
Oh. yeah. Like what?
Pretty good with my hands.
So am I.
What are you doing?
Oh. Hey. baby. Uh...
We were just talking.
I wasn't doing nothing.
You said you'd never
do this to me again.
You promised.
Um. I'm not doing
anything. okay?
If you're gonna be paranoid.
just go wait outside.
Babe. hey. Babe.
Wait. She came up to me.
You're such a fucking liar.
I'm not lying. Okay?
Let's just go back to the motel.
Okay?
I have a surprise for you.
I saw them inside.
He's a dick.
Come on.
I like them.
Let's go.
Okay.
Is... Tamara here?
Is Tamara here?
He promised
he'd never do it again.
You hungry?
Knock three times.
Hello?
Is Tamara here?
There's no Tamara here.
Again.
What?
Is Tamara here?
No. I told you.
No!
Who the fuck are you?
Please don't.
Please.
I'm sorry. I don't know.
What did we do?
What did we do? What did we do?
I don't know.
Huh?
Please. please. please don't...
Kill one.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
No.
No!
Oh. my God!
What did we do? What did we do?
No. no. no!
No!
Oh. no. no! Oh. no!
No. No! No! No.
No!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Felt good. didn't it?
♪ We may still have time
We might still get by ♪
♪ Every time I think about it
I wanna cry ♪
♪ With bombs and the devil
And the kids keep coming ♪
♪ No way to breathe easy
No time to be young ♪
♪ But I tell myself
that I'm doing all right ♪
♪ There's nothing left to do
at night ♪
♪ But go crazy on you ♪
♪ Crazy on you ♪
♪ Let me go crazy.
crazy on you ♪
Yeah.
Her sister's here.
I'm leading her to the sawmill.
Where'd he go?
I don't know.
He must've sped up.
I think we should
keep going this way.
You think he's in there?
No.
His SUV isn't here.
So now what?
It looks abandoned.
We'll make sure it's clear.
You'll stay here
and I'll find him.
You know how to use this?
You'll be safer with this
inside that trailer.
Okay. Clear. Hurry in.
Here.
Lock the door behind me.
Open it only for me.
Shoot through it
for anyone else.
On it.
Drop your weapon.
Howard. I'm scared.
Hey. hey.
We're gonna get out
of here. Deb. I promise.
We'll get out when we find Maya.
What the fuck is happening?
I don't know.
This is
one fucked-up small town.
I need a Xanax.
What?
I've got a gun!
Where is that?
Where is it?
Fuck!
It's all right.
Come on.
This way! This way!
Shit. shit.
I'll shoot again!
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay. it's okay.
Oh. fuck.
-Fuck!
-Oh. shit!
Debbie.
Are you okay?
You okay? Are you okay?
I can't get up.
Howard. we gotta go.
Get away!
- Howard!
- Get away!
Maya.
Though sinners
may try and hide
their corruption
under honeyed words.
Lord Jesus sees
these servants of the pit
for the evil that lurks
within their wicked heart.
Because no matter how far down
you bury your sin.
it don't stay buried
with the worms of guilt.
It won't rest
until the Lord plunges you
into that all-consuming pit
called Hell.
And best believe...
...hell is
hungry for you.
...raise you
high enough
where the Devil
can't reach you.
Now. together. let's exalt him.
Please join our choir
in singing...
There's only pain
in you now.
There's nothing
in me now.
I freed you.
Take off your mask.
I want to see you.
All these years.
you're the only one
that survived.
She was pure.
My only light in the darkness.
It's quiet in the dark.
Serene.
I came here to kill you.
So do it.
Everything I've ever
cared about is gone.
You took it from me.
You're all that's left.
It's empty.
♪ Nights in white satin... ♪
♪ Letters I've written... ♪
♪ Beauty I'd always missed ♪
♪ With these eyes before ♪
♪ Just what the truth is ♪
♪ I can't say anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause I love you ♪
♪ Yes. I love you ♪
♪ Oh. how I love you ♪
♪ Gazing at people ♪
♪ Some hand in hand ♪
♪ Just what I'm going through ♪
♪ They can't understand ♪
♪ Some try to tell me ♪
♪ Thoughts they cannot defend ♪
♪ Just what you want to be ♪
♪ You will be in the end ♪
♪ And I love you ♪
♪ Yes. I love you... ♪
♪ Oh. how I love you ♪
♪ Nights in white satin ♪
♪ Never reaching the end... ♪
We're the same now.
♪ Never meaning to send ♪
♪ Beauty I've always missed ♪
♪ With these eyes before ♪
Maybe.
♪ Just what the truth is ♪
♪ I can't say anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause I love you ♪
♪ Yes. I love you ♪
♪ Oh. how I love you ♪